Fix: Update plugin.md to clarify dynamic ordering limitations (#5231)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_gateway_entities/plugin.md

* **Validation**: Validating dynamic plugin ordering is a non-trivial task and would require insight into the user's business logic. 
{{site.base_gateway}} tries to catch basic mistakes, but it can't detect all potentially dangerous configurations.

> {:.note}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{:.info}
```

> > **Note**: In Kong Gateway 3.13 and earlier, Consumer and Consumer Group scoping was not compatible with dynamic plugin ordering. If you had [Consumer or Consumer Group-scoped plugins](#scoping-plugins) anywhere in your Workspace or control plane, dynamic plugin ordering would cause those plugins **not to trigger**. This limitation was resolved in Kong Gateway 3.14.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: In {{site.base_gateway}} 3.13 and earlier, Consumer and Consumer Group scoping was not compatible with dynamic plugin ordering. If you had [Consumer or Consumer Group-scoped plugins](#scoping-plugins) anywhere in your Workspace or control plane, dynamic plugin ordering would cause those plugins **not to trigger**. This limitation was resolved in {{site.base_gateway}} 3.14.
```
